EASY NEUTRAL
i really loved the game
At first I was not sure what to do. But then quickly learned to was matching shapes.
Good experience, easy game. Neutral feeling toward robot.
I wish the robot had a cute voice or did a dance so when you get an encouraging phrase you feel even happier.
I understood more and believe I learned the rule.
It took me a minute but I think I figured out the rule, the robot was cool
I felt like I could guess at the rules but the robot was only there for confirmation and not for feedback
I enjoyed playing the game this time. I learned the rule right away which could have been why I enjoyed it more than last time. The robot felt bored to me. I wish it would have moved around more especially when I got the answer right.
It was a decent pattern game. With my past gaming knowledge I could understand what was being asked of me. I'm not fully sure what the rule was, but I did understood it unconsciously. The
robot itself was somewhat just there. It being more lively and colorful would be a good step in adding to the game.
Was much easier the second time around, robot still seems useless
I feel I learned the rule of the game. I think the robot was not lively but completed the task.
The video did not have any sound, but I felt like I quickly learned the rule. The robot was helpful in the game and helped me learn the rule quickly.
I did learn the rule this time, and overall I do not really have an opinion on the robot. For me, the goal of the game and being able to get the answers right was more important than the robot.
simple, not very interactive., dull/non-engaging visuals.
Playing a second time made me realize how hard it really was. Was definitely more confused.
The robot felt very slow and a bit unnatural but also kind of friendly!
Same comments as the last one. Pattern was easier this time.
I felt I learned the rule within the robots turn and then confirmed it with my first two cards. I think the robot was fine, but didn't feel it was completely necessary for the game.
I felt the robot was just there and it did not say much, except let me know when I got an answer correct.  I do feel I learned the rule easily and quickly.
I had a better experience this time because I was able to understand the rule right away. I have the same opinion of the robot, but I probably paid less attention to him the second time around because I understood the game better.
The second round was better. I understood the rule right away and was able to win the game. The robot was lively in the sense the he was moving and response in the fact that when I did well he seemed to move more, but other than that there was no interaction.
The robot was quiet and besides the responses you got from after making your move, the robot is kind of a non factor.
Think I got it this time , enjoyed playing
I think i learned the rule but would be good to have a few different shapes to test my theory
Still confused about the pattern, still think the same about the robot as the first round - responsive but not exactly helpful.
I couldn’t figure out the rule in the beginning so I guessed but once I got the jist of it and the robot gave feedback it was better.
The rules were clear and the signs clear to see
My opinion is that the robot doesn't reveal much about the rule of the game. However, in contrast to the last round, during this one I managed to figure out the rule.
I loved the feedback received from the robot, it reassured me that I was on the right track.

When I played it the second time I did a lot of better following the rule that robot gave me! I think now I understand the what the robot is focusing on by choosing the rule
I most probably enjoyed playing the game because I found it challenging. I believe I found a rule but I'm not too certain. I adore the robot because I respond very well to positive comments/remarks.
I learnt the rule and the game was exciting.. I feel the robot gives strong opinions about the placement ot the cards
I think I discovered the rule very early on this round, the robot was fine but it felt very, not alive.
This time it was easier, maybe because I was more familiarised with the game and instructions
I didn't understand at the beginning, took me a while to realise there were subtitles, and then I got it.
The game is fairly easy and I did learn the rule this time since I paid attention, however, still I don't get how does the robot helps me in this game. Lastly, just give specific feedback
when you drag the shapes into their right bin...Can't it mix not be specific.
I think I learned the rule (straight or curved outline?) It seemed relatively easy. The robot didn't add much to the game for me. A text prompt would have given the same feel.
The robot is not that engaging when you play the game
I learnt the game rather quickly, did find the dragging the buttons not great it kept zooming in. The robot was very mechanical in movement
Again the responses could’ve been more lively or more entertaining but the robot completed its task competently
What i thought was the pattern by question 2 wasnt hence 1 wrong answer
Good round. Found the rule after a couple of wrong choices
After the first two rounds I belive that I understood the rules fairly well. Even though I don’t quite understand the purpose of the first video (of the robot) before the game started. It
seemed as if one was supposed to read its body language to understand the game which, I believe, wasn’t the case. The robot‘s move we’re very similar each time which made it appear less lively.
I didn’t know the rule
Second time through seemed more random at the beginning, then the pattern became quite clear. A little repetitive this time.
I am not sure about learning the rule, there were only two bins and multiple variants of card. I divided them into sharp and rounded ones, but now I think other divisions could be made as
well. Especially since after each placement of the each card the robot said something like "nice wok" so I was not sure whether it always said that or I was right every time
it was so much easier than previous one
This time the rule was much simpler I think, that's why I got it at the beginning, but the robot was still too boring and didn't help at all in finding out where to put the card.
I got the rule this round which was very satisfying.
It was better than the one before, but I still think I don't quite understand the rules.
This time I think I discovered the rule. The robot looks really simple but it's kinda cute
---
EASY NONVERBAL
I enjoyed this one more. I feel like I caught on more quickly the second time around.
I didnt really understand the purpose and the robot was a little stiff and didn’t move that much
I learned the rule a lot more quickly than I did for the first round, and my experience would still have been about the same without the robot if I was provided feedback another way.
I think I learned the rule. The robot is cute.
I felt I did learn the rule on this one! The robot seemed more excited this round haha. It was good!
The game was Okay, it's nothing new when it comes to shapes matching. Yes, I feel like I understood what the rule is or what was expected of me on it. The robot is okay because it's responsive and active but I feel like it's too boring maybe adding some sound on the robot might make it more interesting.
It was a bit boring
i thought it was interesting, the robot wasn't necessarily helpful when it comes to understand the patterns since he only tells us whether we are right or wrong so it's up to us to figure
it out, but overall it was enjoyable and easy to find the similarities between the cards.
the game very slow and the robot is slow to respond
I thought the rule for this round was quite simple, and easier than the previous round. However, this did not alter my impression of the robot as being fairly static and without human characteristics.
It was tough to pick up at first but then got easier. I learned the rule pretty easily. The robot was cute, but slightly boring.
This round it was more obvious to me what the purpose of the game was. My opinion on the robot hasn't changed.
I thought it was pretty simple to figure out once I got through the first few cards. Having the robot confirm or validate helped.
I did feel I learned the rule. Would be nice with an explanation in the end.
The robot was not very helpful
I was not sure if I learned the rule, but the robot always told me Nice Work so I liked the robot and felt I did well.
I found it easier to figure out the rule this round, which made me enjoy the game more as I didn't feel as frustrated.
I feel I've learned the rule. The robot made me thinking this way and gave me more motivation.
My experience was fine, the game was very simple and not exciting. I feel I learned the rule, the robot isn't truly a robot, it is a video of a robot, the coding behind the game is the "robot".
The game was fine, the rule became clear very quickly and the robot just gave two responses, it wasn't very response
During this round of the game I felt like I learned the rule better and it seemed easier than the first round.
Due to getting the answers correct I mistook the robot as just a basic video repeating each time until I got one wrong where it showed me I was Incorrect.
This time I feel like I understood the game fully
I understood the game a lot better the second time
the game was fairly easy. the robots had repetitive responses
I'm still confused with what the right answer actually is, I feel like the robot would tell me I did a good job with whatever pile I put the card in.
It was hard to learn the rule with the first cards but easy to catch on quickly.
I enjoyed playing the game. I learned the rules well but it was a bit confusing initially. I thought the robot was pretty cool but I was expecting a bit more interaction
It was way easier this time.
I feel like this round was easier or perhaps it helped the first round because I started to look for patterns and now I was prepared for it.
I think i understood the game's rules, robot was quite nice but a little bit slow. I enjoy play this game, because every taime i expected if i made a right decission.
I enjoyed played the game. Very enjoyabke but very slow
I really learned the rule the game as I went on, it's really a brain gyming game I must state.
It was a normal game and the rule was very easy to learn. I think the robot should move little faster and it could also use replies like "God Job" or "Well done".
I enjoyed playing this time around because i felt like I understood better compared to the first round. I think having a bit of audio to the robot would make it much better and interactive to the user.
The rules were easier this time.
The robot seemed a bit slow, but the cards were interesting
I did not understand the rule till a few cards were played. I found the robot difficult to understand.
I did learn the game and the robot helped a lot.
I learned the rule. This was easier than the first round.
Despite the second robot having more movement in the arms after getting the patterns in the right bin, it felt repetitive and less empathetic than the first as the first robots movements felt more natural
Fairly boring game. Rule seemed simple but could be confusing. Robot seemed a bit bland and lifeless
This time around felt a lot easier than last time. Last time though I did not realize that there was only one slot per box where I could place the pattern so, I felt as though I was pretty much guided. Even though it felt a bit like cheating it did give me a little dopamine boost knowing that I was getting the answers right. I think due to this it also allowed me to perceive the robot in a more positive light. Especially considering he was giving me words of encouragement, as opposed to the "try again" which made me feel like I was failing, which I was.
I felt like I learned the rule quickly. The robot was okay, could be more interactive and playful, in my opinion of course.
I really enjoyed trying out something new.
I learned the rule. the robot did do much to teach the rule at the first glance.
Yes, I feel like I got somehow the rules. Robot, in a matter of fact, could do everything and nothing and i wouldn't even notice its presence.
The game was fine. I think I learned the rule. It would be nice if the robot had more than two phrases that were predictable depending on what side you chose.
This round was easier, I got the rule from the beginning
the first 4 steps were looking in the dark, once i realized it was shaped based challange dissapeared, almost closed the study when i tried to move from wrong square to good one.
Yes I learned the rule however it is very slow in responding
This one was harder to get the hang of but once I found out then it was obvious. The robot was more lively in its movements but less in its speech
The rules  and game in general was a little difficult but fun
---
DIFFICULT NEUTRAL
I think I learned the rule by the last couple of cards.
Same as with the first game, neutral opinion.
I was pretty much just guessing each time - no clue what the pattern really is!
Not sure I really figured out the rule on the second round but I think by the last card I got it
The game itself was not very clear this time. I did not understand the rule. The robot was just sort of there.
Very confusing, robot was not helpful in learning the game
This second time it was a bit harder to understand the rule, like previously the robot wasn't helpful when it comes to figuring out the pattern but it still helped by telling us whether we were right or wrong. i thought the rule had to do with the diferent patterns inside the shapes of the card.
The game is very slow and the instructions are not straight forward. The robot took time to respond
I enjoyed playing this game and trying to figure out the rule. This round was slightly more difficult and took me a little longer to learn the rule. I enjoyed the robots feedback Better in this round.
I thought it was very difficult and I did not figure out what the rule was.
This round was very difficult. I never picked up on the pattern.
I didn't get the game. The appearance of the robot was boring, i was suprised there was no sound.
the original cards weren't as helpful this time, but the robot felt the same as before. it was quite slow but friendly looking!
Rules were fun to learn, as you go along you get better which is very rewarding. The robot felt incredibly old, bland, 2d, he just felt like something I would see on a blog in 2001. Sorry!
I haven't learned the rule. The robot tried to help me but I didn't get the rule.
I didn’t understand the pattern, but I thought that the robot was helpful.
I definitely did not learn the rule this first round, and I don't know about the robot. I feel pretty neutral towards it
I felt like by the end of the game I still wasn't sure what the rule was. It would've been nice if the robot had sound.
It took a few rounds of the game before I caught on. At first it just seemed random.
I was very confused on what I was supposed to be doing and how the robots responses helped
No idea what the rule was this round
The game confused me as I couldn’t understand the pattern. The robot gave general responses that did not equate to learning the game better.
I still have no idea what the rules were, I believe the robot was saying random answers.
I never learned the rule for this round, I don't think the game was very clear.
i didnt feel like i had any sort of guidance,which got me slightly confused.Knowing that I participate in machine learning though seems kind of fascinating,subsequently i really enjoyed the whole experience,even though i didnt quite understand the procedure
I didn't manage to learn the rule during this round. I couldn't read the robot very well in order to gain the needed information.
I didn't feel like the robot really helped and I'm not sure if I understood the pattern that the game followed.
By the end of it, I try to make up the rules, like: if it's a single pictogram and colored it belongs to the red, if it's three pictograms and they are not colored then to the yellow one...
It is quite entertaining, though.

I feel it would be more lively if the robot had different movements and maybe a bit of sound.
I found it quite challenging but enjoyable nonetheless. I'm not sure if I learned the rule exactly but I got a few right. The robot was encouraging but still responded well when I made mistakes.
I don't feel like I've learned the rule because the game was not understandable to me but the robot was good thou
I think I learned the rule after 2 or 3 rounds although it was confusing at the start, the robot stayed the same, not very responsive so he was kinda just there.
I had some difficulties at the beginning of the test because I couldn't see the instructions the robot gave, so I got it wrong, however I was able to figure it out at the end based on the
robot's feedback towards my responses
The robot could have been more interactive
This round was difficult because I didn't quite understand the rules this time. The robot was better than last time, little quicker and had different replies .
The game was a bit obscure. I did learn the rule but I feel I struggled a bit with implementation.
It was difficult to understand the robot without the sound, the game is very tricky
At first i thought i understood the rules up until i had to choose which boxes to choose. I think I should be able to get it on the next try. The robot is helpful and also gives back helpful feedback.
I did not learn the rule. Maybe the robot should make a sound to make it livelier
I was confused about the rule and felt I was just guessing where the card goes. The robot was not incredibly responsive or helpful in teaching the rule.
Found this game alot harder couldnt seem to get the rule.
The robot did the job correctly but could’ve been more diverse in the things said.
The rules seemed straightforward but there were sole exceptions which threw me off.
In relation to the game beforehand I struggled a lot more as I tried to understand the rules of this game, which I still struggle to comprehend. Though it was interesting to see the response the robot gave to a wrong answer.
I think that in round 2 I learned a bit but now I noticed that I made few errors and didn't select valid bins. Unfortunately I felt a bit stupid that I was unable to catch good patttern for it.
It was really really hard, i don't really know if i know the rule or not
I felt that i couldn't figure out the rule and the robot didn't provide any hint
I didn't notice the rule, but the robot was nice!
I feel I learned it after some tries. The robot is only an animation that plays what is desired when certain outcome is achieved, nothing impressive about it.
It was kind of confusing. I feel like I didn't really understand the rules.
I still do not know what the rule is. Maybe only unshaded shapes on the right side except for the S shapes?
i was lost and felt very confused.
I feel I could have learned the game better by playing a few more rounds. I feel like i did get the hang of it though, The robot was helpful but still basic
---
DIFFICULT NONVERBAL
This game was a little more confusing. I think I was matching details this time.
It took me until the second last round to actually catch on to the rule. I feel the experience would have been about the same without the robot if there was feedback provided some other way.
I liked the robot being supportive by telling me to try again but it would be nice if there was a little more direction if you consistently get it wrong.
It was interesting but I'm not sure I learnt the rule.
The second round was confusing at first but after looking at it I think I understood it better cause I noticed the left side was for colour and shaded areas while the right side was for the clear shapes but I stand to be corrected. I think learned the rule cause I managed to complete the game. I think the robot needs some sound or colour.
I felt the second time around that I didn’t learn the game rule at all, and that I was just random ally selecting things, which made the robot feedback more frustrating and less helpful
I kept thinking I learned the rule, and then I was wrong the next time! I think by the end I did get the gist of the rule. I thought the robot was cute but could have maybe moved around a
little more and maybe even danced when I got the answer right!
A bit tedious & no clear instructions
I feel unsure of whether I learned the rule; it was definitely more difficult than the previous. I think the robot was more lovey than previously.
I was slightly confused while playing. As a matter of fact, the robot made me feel pretty incompetent LOL. It felt like the robot knew more than I did.
I’m not sure if I learned the rule l, but I was more successful in later rounds. I viewed the robot fairly neutrally, and did not really think about it in terms of human characteristics.
more challenging this time around; took more rounds to learn the rule. Robot felt more engaging this time... I guess maybe because I was more engaged
I was extremely confused at first. But then I got the hang of it. Was kinda fun.
This time, the pattern was much more difficult to figure out. I don’t think I understood it even though I got a few right. The robot confused me too, as it made me question my decisions more
Would maybe like an explanation of the rule after I completed the game (or maybe I did not catch that)
I don't feel like this rule was shown with the robots turn and it was extremely difficult to figure out with just my turn.
This time the rule was harder, so I never really figured out what it was. I felt like the robot was judging me a little bit.
I could not figure out the rule so I felt like I was just having to guess where to put the shape, which was frustrating. The robot was lively and animated, but it wasn't very helpful to me when trying to learn the rule.
This time, I learned the rule closer to the end and I enjoyed playing this round.  I thought the robot was okay, but it just gave the same responses when I got it wrong and did not really
give a hint to help me get it right next time.
I had a good experience playing this game. It took me a few rounds of sorting the images to understand the rule, but I feel that I understood it at the end. The robot seemed nice and friendly (comments were not judge-mental, seemed excited when you got one right, etc.)
I got frustrated because the card did not seem to have any rhyme or reason to their order, it wasn't until card 6 that I guessed the patter. I do feel that I learned the rule. The video of the robot is not exciting, or interesting to look at.
It didn't explain the new rule so I didn't understand where things were meant to go. The robot kept telling me to find the pattern but there wasn't really one there
I feel like I was starting yo understand the game little by little, the robot was cute but It would be better if he was more responsive
I didn’t understand the patterns but I still enjoyed playing
the game was easy to learn and participate. the robots and limited gestures. there was no sound for the game
This game was difficult to understand, I wasn’t sure what the rule was so it made it hard to enjoy playing it when it left me confused.
This game is simple the robot gave me clear rules and it is enjoyable
I enjoyed playing the game. I'm sure I understood all the rules since I got a number of trials wrong
I don’t think I totally understood the game, but I enyojed it (and the robot too).
At first I thought I knew the rules, however I caught up with the rules.
To be honest I thought that it's going to be much easier to learn the rule of the robot, cause it was 50/50 but I feel like I understood the rule a bit. The robot itself did a great job!
I don't really enjoy to play this game, because i can't understand the game's rules and had no idea in which cart i should drag cart. I had the mixed feelings to robot.From one hand i understand it's only artificial intelligent but on another it irritate me.
I'm still not sure what exactly the rule it for the round, I was feeling and guessing a little, maybe the robot could explain it better?
I am not sure if I learned the rule because I feel like the robot did not show me how to apply the rule. The robot is quiet fun and lively
I wasn't sure about this round. I found the puzzles harder and which bin to put them in but I still enjoyed it
I'd I learnt how the game works when I got to the last two questions, all along I thought I am expected to match them according to their sizes.
Absolutely confused on the rule this time. I definitely want to look at the cards and figure out the rule since I just felt like I was guessing the whole time. The robot didnt change my opinion any more than a text prompt.
No i didn't Learn anything.

I neither enjoyed nor was bored by the game. The rule felt a bit random at first, but eventually became very clear.
The game was hard but the robot was helpful.
Decently challenging! Robot was fun!
I feel that I have learned the rule. It was fun.
I didn’t learn the rule even less on this round
Robot was cute
The game didn't seem to have a clear 'rule' on which pattern goes on which side. I do not feel like I learned the rule.
I found it difficult to follow, yet I don't think it had anything to do with the robot. I think I'm just not very good at pattern recognition.
I had no idea what the new rule was, but it was trial and error to find where the figures would go. I like the robot but I would’ve loved if they spoke or did something other than raising
arms.
I don't think I got to learn the rule, and the robot was too slow and not interesting, it didn't invite you to play the game.
i did not learn the rule.
It took me a bit of time to get the rules, but I found it quite mechanic in some ways.
After 8 rounds I still hadn’t established the rule of the game. The robot wasn’t doing anything to help. It pointed vaguely out my wrongs but none of that helped.
Trying to figure out the pattern when I don't know what to base it off was tricky especially at the beginning, I don't know if it was based off color, shapes or numbers or multiple factors.
Although I liked playing the game, I didn't quite understand what was the rule.
Difficult game
---